okay this is a new power steering hose
the pressure ones now we just dam Honda
agreed to do here there are hundreds of
Greek people don't get me wrong but you
know what they do a really dumb thing
here let me tell you what it is you had
a failure here yesterday okay here
here's what they do this comes off your
pump right up here two bolts goes off
there's no ring on there there's a clamp
on the way down and that's it you get
that the sensor on here which allows air
conditioned up to work when you're
turning anyway inside of here you should
have a crimp fitting just like this
right here a crimp fitting like that on
the end of a hose well they do but look
at this let's dam Honda they put this
rubber jacket over top it so what
happens look at that it collects all the
crap in there and it just rots or inward
it just rotted all the way let me pull
that down look at that
so there's your clamp that cools that on
there so what happens the power steering
fluid pisses up to the hose the clamps
you rotor off you got probably 1,500 to
2,000 pounds in that line you know what
that's what happened that's all the
wrong there's nothing wrong the line
lookit there's not a bit of rust on it
anyway got to change out that good to go
is just a dumb thing that haunted it one
of the dumbest things I've seen them do
but hunters are great cars anyway thanks
and have a great day yep I'm going to
bend around a bit more there that okay
straight up there I don't want you to
feel
the sensor we can change after ok give
it a pull here we go see this one do it
right there undo the clamps on the back
and pull the hose ready there you go
and what's wrong with it right here the
clamp on here is gone oh I'm gonna jinx
weight off in there
how do you become the best you don't
have the tides to feed you or the fire
is a 2000 Honda Odyssey you see the rack
opinion we just pulled the hydroxyl
they're not right up inside of the left
wheel well they're pull the line back
out and put new one back on there crazy
go $2,000 see right there
good cars just a little bit of
inconvenience today that's it
you